Warm you are the Temple of Hearts
What happened to the 4 of hearts?
Our game is a deck of cards, a pair of four of hearts.
There are 40 cards in total
The person who weighed this pair of hearts 4 wants 75.
I don't know the rules of your game
I'm not playing this game
Warm you are a maid
Why are you still picky?
Everyone here is
Famous son of Haicheng
Which one are you kissing?
You won't suffer either?
Just suffer
But we
Who would want to kiss a servant?
Really expensive
Kang Shao can't be you, right?
That will be wronged. You have been bullying Warm for two minutes.
I would love to.
But God didn't give me this chance
Mine are clubs.
That's impossible.
I obviously picked this card
Someone must be a red robe
What else is there to show?
Damn, you haven't shown your cards yet